Update early access description (#987)
timescale/docs: cloud/high-availability.md

simultaneously. In the case of a database failure, a replica is an up-to-date,
running database that can take over immediately.

<highlight type="note">
Creating database replicas in Timescale Cloud is an early access feature. Early

> access features are still under active development. We will be continuing to
> develop capabilities around database replication in Timescale Cloud, such as 
> offering replicas in different availability zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access features are still under active development. You can start enjoying the
benefits of database replication now, while we continue to develop extended 
capabilities, such as offering replicas in different availability zones.
```
